Update registration docs with info about the new DataFederations schema (#17)
osg-htc/docs: docs/data/stashcache/vo-data.md

Each namespace requires:
- a `Path` that is the path to the directory tree, e.g. `/astro/PUBLIC`
- an `Authorizations` list which describes how users are authorized to access data within the namespace
- an `AllowedCaches` list of the OSDF caches that are allowed to cache the data within the namespace
- an `AllowedOrigins` list of the OSDF origins that are allowed to serve the data within the namespace

In addition, a namespace may have the following optional attributes:
- a `Writeback` endpoint that is an HTTPS URL like `https://stash-xrd.osgconnect.net:1094`
  that can be used for jobs to write data to the origin
- a `DirList` endpoint that is an HTTPS URL like `https://origin-auth2001.chtc.wisc.edu:1095`
  that can be used for getting a directory listing of that namespace

### Authorizations list

The Authorizations list of each namespace describes how a user can get authorized in order to access the data within the namespace.
The list will contain one or more of these:

- `FQAN: <VOMS FQAN>` allows someone using a proxy with the specified VOMS FQAN
- `DN: <DN>` allows someone using a proxy with that specific DN
- `PUBLIC` allows anyone; this is used for public data

> - `SciTokens` allows someone using a scitoken with the given parameters, which will be described below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SciTokens` allows someone using a SciToken with the given parameters, which are described [below](#scitokens)
```

A complete declaration looks like:
```yaml
    Namespaces:
      - Path: /astro/PUBLIC
        Authorizations:
          - PUBLIC
        AllowedCaches: ...
        AllowedOrigins: ...

      - Path: /astro/PROTECTED
        Authorizations:
          - FQAN: /Astro
          - DN: /DC=org/DC=opensciencegrid/O=Open Science Grid/OU=People/CN=Matyas Selmeci
          - SciTokens:
              Issuer: https://astro.org
              Base Path: /astro/PROTECTED
              Map Subject: True
        AllowedCaches: ...
        AllowedOrigins: ...
```

This declares two namespaces: `/astro/PUBLIC` for public data, and `/astro/PROTECTED`
which can only be read by someone with the `/Astro` FQAN, by Matyas Selmeci,
or by someone with a SciToken issued by `https://astro.org`.

#### SciTokens

> A SciTokens authorization has multiple parameters, which are described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A SciTokens authorization has multiple parameters:
```

- `Issuer` (required) is the token issuer of the SciToken that the authorization accepts.
  
- `Base Path` (required) is a path that will be prepended to the scopes of the token in order to

>   construct the full path to the file that the token is allowed to access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  construct the full path to the file(s) that the bearer of the token is allowed to access.
```
